this guy it was the best week of my life
when I asked for a number he told me
he's married gay straight why didn't you
tell me you were secret agent I'm afraid
that's not an option Risa
I know I changed your name for your
protection dr. Henry lost best
relationships were with his patients and
he wasn't looking to settle down but one
day the unthinkable happened are you
staring at me or her coz you're starting
to freak me out
[Music]
a year ago this was in a terrible car
accident
she lost her short-term memory she won't
remember them tomorrow you and I are
actually each other don't worry you're
not gonna suffer any short-term memory
loss but who's your head shaped like an
egg before she hit you now the guy who's
afraid of commitment to pace wanna try
something that'll help her remember me
[Music]
sorry about your brain is going to
extremes okay pal when she stop just let
her pet you look cute
okay she comes smile I've never even met
you
[Music]
sweetie
[Applause]
[Music]